active 
aim 0 name c 
aim 0 
aim name c 
auth-mode open 
auth-mode wpa-wpa2-psk 
auth-mode wpa2-psk 
encrypt-mode aes 
encrypt-mode none 
encrypt-mode tkip 
encrypt-mode tkip-aes 
exit 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth 20 work-mode 11bg 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth 20 work-mode 11bgn 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth 20 work-mode 11n 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth 20 work-mode 11b 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth 20 work-mode 11g 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth 40 work-mode 11bg 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth 40 work-mode 11bgn 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth 40 work-mode 11n 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth 40 work-mode 11b 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth 40 work-mode 11g 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth auto work-mode 11bg 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth auto work-mode 11bgn 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth auto work-mode 11n 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth auto work-mode 11b 
frequency 2.4g channel 1 bandwidth auto work-mode 11g 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth 20 work-mode 11bg 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth 20 work-mode 11bgn 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth 20 work-mode 11n 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth 20 work-mode 11b 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth 20 work-mode 11g 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth 40 work-mode 11bg 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth 40 work-mode 11bgn 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth 40 work-mode 11n 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth 40 work-mode 11b 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth 40 work-mode 11g 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth auto work-mode 11bg 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth auto work-mode 11bgn 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth auto work-mode 11n 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth auto work-mode 11b 
frequency 2.4g channel auto bandwidth auto work-mode 11g 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 20 work-mode 11n-ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 20 work-mode 11a-n-ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 20 work-mode 11ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 20 work-mode 11a 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 20 work-mode 11a-n 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 40 work-mode 11n-ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 40 work-mode 11a-n-ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 40 work-mode 11ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 40 work-mode 11a 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 40 work-mode 11a-n 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 80 work-mode 11n-ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 80 work-mode 11a-n-ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 80 work-mode 11ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 80 work-mode 11a 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth 80 work-mode 11a-n 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth auto work-mode 11n-ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth auto work-mode 11a-n-ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth auto work-mode 11ac 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth auto work-mode 11a 
frequency 5g channel 36 bandwidth auto work-mode 11a-n 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 20 work-mode 11n-ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 20 work-mode 11a-n-ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 20 work-mode 11ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 20 work-mode 11a 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 20 work-mode 11a-n 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 40 work-mode 11n-ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 40 work-mode 11a-n-ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 40 work-mode 11ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 40 work-mode 11a 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 40 work-mode 11a-n 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 80 work-mode 11n-ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 80 work-mode 11a-n-ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 80 work-mode 11ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 80 work-mode 11a 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth 80 work-mode 11a-n 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth auto work-mode 11n-ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth auto work-mode 11a-n-ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth auto work-mode 11ac 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth auto work-mode 11a 
frequency 5g channel auto bandwidth auto work-mode 11a-n 
tx-power 15 
tx-power 35 
tx-power 50 
tx-power 70 
tx-power 100 
wlan disable 
wlan enable 
